take on my name's backs mofo welcome
back to the series where all you do is
fuck around if you do enjoy it give it a
thumbs up if you're new subscribe today
we're taking some pictures gonna be
taking some selfies first of all let's
get a shot of this sweet-ass hi it's
just me my girlfriend at the barrage oh
my god that's perfect shot
well done that that's a keeper thank you
oh hey going to do my face take a
picture of your wife's a vagina just uh
for research purposes thank you
hey come back come back come back come
back listen listen I just wanted a
picture you fucking take it too far you
took it too far there's not my fault how
can we get that stuff in our say cheese
oh that's a keeper how you doing black
chocolate
what's he what the fuck I'm gonna bring
him back to life his studies hard again
start his heart again hey officer um
yeah start it's not exactly what it
looks like like we were just I was were
playing in the tree she fell out and uh
yeah she's just having a nap there I'm
gonna go get some ice creams run fuck
fucking run run hey I really like your
personality
hey I'm dang ah for children or Posada
and I'm gonna eat this cactus small
beautiful guys look at that Rihanna huh
good I'm a picture of you oh man she is
not looking too impressed let's take a
photo of you I'll sell that for a few K
uh Superman take a selfie with the
bouncer oh yeah turn your head up
I'll make this your myspace they pay oh
that's beautiful
a locket oh my god will.i.am oh my god
can I please get a selfie fine I'll just
I'll just oh I'd be on huge fan love the
stuff you did with Fergie thank you snap
that smile man your knees look like
water balloons alright I'm going to take
a selfie
oh shit oh fuck I pissed her off
look at this guy look at Ertel sorry man
I put you out of your misery let's go
take a picture oh my god is this the new
Jesus dude look at his eyes let's take a
picture that oh that is art look at that
that's like a fucking art work for a
cover of a band album oh my god Whoopi
Goldberg huge fan huge fan whoopee
fuck she's getting old now let's take a
picture of a sweet ass no I need to meet
her I need a meter I'm a huge fan of
Sister Act two I need I need to go get
her autograph whoopee whoopee whoopee
you can have it on it oh shit
whoopee whoopee let me give you a hand
up fuck hope you love doing Star Trek
won't be please please let me let me
smell your shoes whoopee whoopee
oh oh oh give your head up here yeah
take my foot whoopee whoopee can I
please take a picture of your coffee be
real quick oh that's a keeper that's it
what do you think here have a look what
do you think one night okay oh you put
the coffee on the ground for me okay
thank you that's gonna give some ah
beautiful beautiful that's going on
Instagram tumblr can I put a fucking
monochrome over it that's aesthetic
value look at it I'm gonna call it
discarded caffeine life not worth living
excuse me sir can I please have a photo
I'll get real close hold on get out oh
fuck you mystery guitar man I look like
I'm glad I can catch you just take you
snap this real quick oh that's great
that's going on Bebo Ice Cube Ice Cube
Ice Cube um when are you gonna do are we
there yet
sequel we're gonna do another one so I
loved your first few other works were
brilliant um hold on I was gonna Oh
beautiful shot loved it what the fuck is
your problem dude relax
I'll come on man come on it did someone
someone forgot to fill his ice tray ice
cube listen listen listen
I'm a huge fan if you could just sign my
I'm a smart smart phone here look I'll
just take a selfie of us trip dude
fuck off
what is your problem man I won't have no
problem kicking your ass that way I've
got a better shot okay good I'm glad
you're dead say cheese
beautiful beautiful you ready for the
staff la Perdue Michael die
she's me can I please take a photo of
you Bob why are you bobbing is it really
that groovy damn you once seductive
woman
hey lucky cigarette great car Bobby
sorry my map of what's the problem okay
sorry
dude I'm sorry I asked through it I'm
walking away so all that's it you're
fucking in front now should have fucking
done it why you just give me a drag you
shove this motherfucker hey guys Michael
again just committed another crime I
just caught it another mall cop excuse
me sir I really like your hat excuse me
excuse me sir I really like your hat hey
fuck you mouths from a photo
I'll keep this leg out I got my foot
stuck in his bottle shit shake it off
hey guys Michael again I just could a
bunch of guys this time just kind of
bored it Twitter wasn't working so you
know just kind of went on a rampage glad
you can make it you can make it don't
know fuck oh no he's tumbling he's
tumbling he's tumblin he's tumbling all
right he's good he's good
are you ready for the ultimate mount
chilliad flop here we go it's Franklin